Adding documentation for MarketBidCost (#637)
NREL-SIIP/PowerSystems.jl: docs/src/model_developer/market_bid_cost.md

# PowerSystems MarketBidCost example

## MarketBidCost 

> Is a Operational Cost  data structure that allows the user to run a production cost model that is very similar to most US electricity market auctions with bids for energy and ancilliary services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is an [`OperationalCost`](@ref) data structure that allows the user to run a production cost model that is very similar to most US electricity market auctions with bids for energy and ancillary services jointly.
```

> ```julia

Reviewer: Don't show this, just add example data.

    mutable struct MarketBidCost <: OperationalCost
        variable::Union{Nothing, IS.TimeSeriesKey}
        no_load::Float64
        start_up::NamedTuple{(:hot, :warm, :cold), NTuple{3, Float64}}
        shut_down::Float64
        ancillary_services::Vector{Service}
    end
```

> #### Arguments

Reviewer: It doesn't help too much replicating the struct, it is better to add a (@ref) next to the name and showcase how to use it.

- `ancillary_services::Vector{Service}`: Bids for the ancillary services

## Adding Energy bids to MarketBidCost

#### Step 1: Constructiong device with MarketBidCost
When using MarketBidCost, the user can add the cost struct to the , at this point the actual cost bids aren't expected to be populated/passed. The code below shows how we can create a thermal device with MarketBidCost.

```julia
generator = ThermalStandard(
        name = "Brighton",
        available = true,
        status = true,
        bus = nodes5[5],
        active_power = 6.0,
        reactive_power = 1.50,
        rating = 0.75,
        prime_mover = PrimeMovers.ST,
        fuel = ThermalFuels.COAL,
        active_power_limits = (min = 0.0, max = 6.0),
        reactive_power_limits = (min = -4.50, max = 4.50),
        time_limits = (up = 0.015, down = 0.015),
        ramp_limits = (up = 5.0, down = 3.0),
        operation_cost = MarketBidCost(
            nothing, 
            0.0, 
            (hot = 393.28, warm = 455.37, cold = 703.76),, 
            0.75, 
            Vector{Service}()
            ),
        base_power = 100.0,
    ),

```
OR
```julia

> generator = ThermalStandard(nothing)

Reviewer: We shouldn't encourage people to use this constructor. this is for demonstration purposes.

set_operation_cost!(generator, MarketBidCost(nothing))
```
#### Step 2: Creating the TimeSeriesData

> The user is expected to pass the TimeSeriesData that holds the energy bid data which can be of any type (i.e. `SingleTimeSeries`, `Deterministic`, `Probablistic` or `ScenarioBased`) and data can be `Array{Float64}`, `Array{Tuple{Float64, Float64}}` or `Array{Array{Tuple{Float64,Float64}}`. If the data is just floats then the cost in the optimization is seen as a constant variable cost, but if data is a Tuple or Array{Tuple} then the model expects the tuples to be cost & power-point pairs (cost in $/p.u-hr & power-point in p.u-hr), which is modeled same as TwoPartCost or ThreePartCost. Code below shows an example of how to build a TimeSeriesData.

Reviewer: let's not mention `Probablistic` or `ScenarioBased` (now named `Scenarios`)

> ```julia
> data =
>     SortedDict(Dates.DateTime("2020-01-01") => [
>         [(0.0, 0.05), (290.1, 0.0733), (582.72, 0.0967), (894.1, 0.120)],
>         [(0.0, 0.05), (300.1, 0.0733), (600.72, 0.0967), (900.1, 0.120)]
>     )
> time_series_data = IS.Deterministic(
>     name = "variable_cost",
>     data = data, 
>     resolution = Dates.Hour(1)
> )
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```@example
Using PowerSystems
data =
    Dict(Dates.DateTime("2020-01-01") => [
        [(0.0, 0.05), (290.1, 0.0733), (582.72, 0.0967), (894.1, 0.120)],
        [(0.0, 0.05), (300.1, 0.0733), (600.72, 0.0967), (900.1, 0.120)]
    )
time_series_data = Deterministic(
    name = "variable_cost",
    data = data, 
    resolution = Dates.Hour(1)
)
```
```

#### Step 3a: Adding Energy Bid TimeSeriesData to the device
To add energy market bids time-series to the MarketBidCost, the use of `set_variable_cost!` is recommended. 

```julia
set_variable_cost!(sys, generator, time_series_data)
```
#### Arguments for set_variable_cost!
- `sys::System`: PowerSystem System
- `component::StaticInjection`: Static injection device

> - `time_series_data::IS.TimeSeriesData`: TimeSeriesData

Reviewer: same here. Don't show code with `IS.` just the example that runs wrapped in `@example` is enough.

> #### Step 3b: Adding Service Bid TimeSeriesData to the device

Reviewer: It will be useful to have a full example here of adding a service bid.

Similar to adding energy market bids,  for adding bids for ancillary services the use of `set_service_bid!` is recommended. 

```julia
set_service_bid!(sys, generator, service, time_series_data)
```

> #### Arguments for set_service_bid!

Reviewer: same here, we mostly care to show examples of code.
